DeedMapper by Direct Line Software is used to create the database that we are using.
DeedMapper saves its data in a text file ending with .mbl extension.
The records in the .mbl file contain descriptions of land parcels that may be original grants or later deeds.
The records in the .mbl file are sequential. Records are separated by the text line beginning with 'End'
There is often a first record that is used to store global values that is not a parcel record.
This first record may contain a 'Decl' value for a declination to be applied to all records unless the
individual record has its own decliniation value.
Comment lines in the .mbl file start with the '!' character.
I am sometimes using a comment line in the first record to store values for an anchor parcel
supplying a parced name/ID and a longitude and latitude value for the parcel so that the mapper script
knows how to locate the rendered parcel polygons on a background map.
DeedMapper uses in it own program location values in the .mbl file to place the record polygons on the screen.
DeedMapper uses an x,y coordinate system where left X is negative and right x is positive relative to center
DeedMapper uses top/above center y values as negative and down/below center y values as positive.
DeedMapper LOC data format:
DeedMappers coordinate system is based on x,y loc values. The canvas has a central point 0,0. Locations to the left or West of the 0,0 center are negative x. Locations to the right or East of 0,0 are positive x. Y values above 0,0 or North are negative y. Below or South of 0,0 are positive Y values. Locations in the left upper quadrant are -,- those in the upper right quadrant are +,-
Locations in the lower left quadrant are x,y  -,+
Locations in the lower right quadrant are x,y  +,+
The 'loc' line x and y values describe the location of the beginning corner of the parcel.

Only the 1st two values in the loc line are related to position.
The F value is font related
The L value is lock or unlocked position in the DeedMapper map
The P value is a style value affecting line and corner styles
The 3 digits at the end: digit one is line color, digit two is fill color, digit 3 uncertain at this time.

I will probably add the ablility for the javascript to use the fill color from .mbl file to set the fill color at some point

The TXT line that may follow the LOC line give a position for the label text if the label center has been manually adjusted by the user. There is a R value in the TXT line presumable a style or color or rotation. The f value is a font value.

